it's an ambulance and instead of like
you're dining with Chinese stuff to kind
of put you through a different ranges of
motion either way through a silk pattern
like I said like you know movement of
the hips arm circles like nice wings so
basically kind of like a lot running
drills is anything that actually evolved
walking lunges local into the twist
though I need Heidi skips lateral skips
it's different types of movement
basically a little bit you know greater
of intensity kind of a flip phone a
little bit faster start from the old
kind of trigger nervous system what you
always want to start you know they're
kind of cool work away too warm and hot
and then I say and hot you always want
to tell you something really kind of
activates the nervous system kind of get
the impulse is going from the brain to
the muscles muscles back to the brain
take you
baba research is kind of shown if you
kind of a new your static community
actually do is you have to kind of
stretch the ligaments out and actually
don't return their last DC doesn't
return I don't return you actually who's
exposed to this you lose a strength and
just uh increase the rate of injury
usually afterwards you know when you
have you know a long time period so like
you don't stretch it a Monday next
training session at the when's that you
have 48 hours recovery and regaining
that elasticity and go back down again
I'll do both it all depends dynamic with
as a warm up prior to actual activity
set it at the end always dedicat the end
you